# Hourly Billing Is OK

## TL;DR

- fixed bid, value-priced business consulting is OK
- software consulting billed hourly is also OK
- neither are nuts
- they are distinct lines of work and expertise
- Jonathan Stark should remove the ableism from his writing

## A Preface About Feels

This topic is somewhat emotionally charged for me, and that's part of what makes it interesting. In the process of writing about this I'm attempting to notice my own emotions and write them down as an exercise in self-awareness and as a study in what underlying struggles and fears may be at play here. Most of my writing is very dry and utilitarian but not this piece. This is mostly for my own benefit.

## Background

I work as an independent software consultant. I'm a regular listener to the Freelancer's Show podcast where Jonathan Stark is a regular panelist. Jonathan regularly shares his views on consulting, pricing, and billing and in particular he's fond of opining about "Hourly Billing Is Nuts" which is also the title of a book he's written.

Some of my frustrations are manifestations of being a passive, voiceless podcast listener, hearing Jonathan disparage my livelihood and lifestyle, and having the panelists whom I respect highly just nod along without objection.
 So fair warning that some of this is venting of pent-up anger and loss of agency.

In addition to Jonathan, I've long been reading Patrick McKenzie's writings on many web forums (his blog, twitter, HN, microconf, etc). Patrick's main tune is "charge more" but he also advocates value pricing. I recently followed a link to an old hacker news comment by Thomas Ptacek in 2012 on avoiding "markets best served by hourly work" and as I read each bullet I had an emotional reaction and a feeling of "this is the opposite of my experience" on almost each one.

## Thomas Ptacek On Hourly Work

Quoting [Thomas Ptacek on hackernews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4103417)

> Ok, but there are a bunch of reasons why I think you should actively avoid "markets best served by hourly work":
> * It positions you against the lowest-quality cheapest providers.

**Feelings**: A small amount of anger.

Mostly I just don't think it does, but let's assume for the sake of discussion it does. So what? I experience zero price pressure from my clients. Either they understand the market and have chosen my price tier as a good fit for their needs, or I'm too expensive for them and they go elsewhere. It's fine. I believe my rates are close to the top of the market for Colorado, but rates get significantly higher in the bay area so there are even more expensive options for clients that want that. I have at least one multi-year client engagement I got because they hired a cheaper developer to build an MVP, had a bad experience, then deliberately chose to seek out a more expensive consultant to do a fixup/rescue. When they went from a weeks-long struggle with no results to me saying "your app is up and running and available on your domain with https" on the first day of the engagement that was such a clear bright line for them that they've never thought twice about engaging me again as needed over the course of several years.

I actually prefer working with clients with a history of comparatively bad software projects because the contrast is so clear.

> * It misaligns your incentives, so that you're penalized for doing a better job.

**Feelings**: Some frustration and exasperation.

Logically I can understand what is being said here, if you define a "better job" as doing the same job more quickly. But I think the "value" narrative doesn't hold up. There's a certain minimum size for anyone to do anything. A plumber is not going to come to your house to turn your faucet off for you. If a client calls and says (and they have) "we just have some copy changes we need in our node.js app", I refer their engagement on to a less-experienced colleague who bills them a few hours at a low rate and all's well from my perspective.

But the thing this point is getting at is I think "on a long project, you are incentivized to bill as many hours as possible and disincentivized to get the work done quickly". Again this does ring true on some basic level. My experience just doesn't back it up. Some of the most satisfying pieces of work I do are telling a client we can skip an entire sub-project, or that what they need is actually a free service AWS already offers, or that I have some shell scripts in my toolbox that can get this sorted out in an afternoon. I personally feel great about that and I can honestly say I've never felt an internal desired to bill more hours just for more hours sake. I want to be doing useful things with my life and I don't perceive a quick/cheap solution as being "penalized" at all. Further more, I don't see it as "leaving money on the table" because I didn't price it based on customer value. I see it as honest and "value pricing" a simple solution as exploitive. Specifically exploiting the information asymmetry between me as a technician and the client as a business.

As a homeowner, the value of stopping a leaking pipe in my basement is high. It could save me thousands of dollars in damage. But if a plumber just has to show up and turn a valve off to fix it and then they quote me $5K because "hey look at the value I just saved for you" that definitely feels exploitive to me and I would never price a service like that.

>* It totally hides the cost of ramp-up and ramp-down (if you think clients push back on daily or project rates, wait until you charge them for 2 hours of "getting in flow").

**Feelings**: Confusion I guess. Some exasperation.

I'm not sure I even understand what is being said here. I have truly never had a single comment from any client about an invoice I sent them. Never asked for more detail, never surprised by the number of hours, never surprised by the dollar amount. I have no idea what the ominous scare tactic of "wait until" is referring to.

> * It forces you to be vigilant about time tracking lest you accidentally undercharge customers.

Yup, and this is great. No idea why accurate time tracking would be an issue. And because my rate is high, I don't sweat it. I round up to 15 minute increments and if I take an hour call at an airport in unusual circumstances and accidentally forget to bill the client, it's not materially important.

> * Not to mention, with virtually any client worth doing business with, you (the consultant) are much more sensitive to the cost of a project than the customer is; it is a small miracle that the customer can get a programming project completed at all without potentially hiring and then firing 3 different people. So why is all the burden on you? Why is any of the burden on you? Key consulting idea: it's not the customer's money they're spending.

**Feelings**: Disconnect

I just think I can't relate to what's being said here. What specifically does it mean to be "sensitive to the cost" of a project? Especially for me. I freelance. If the project is small/cheap then I have several going at once. That's basically the sum of my sensitivity. What burden? Using a time-tracker? Doesn't play out as a burden in my experience.

>* It inclines you towards finicky accounting, the kind that charges a customer for a 45 minute phone conversation.

**Feelings**: OK there are feels here. Some anger and hurt. I have no fewer than 8 very close relatives who are/were hourly-billed attorneys. They charge their clients for 45 minute phone conversations. Thomas is calling their accounting "finicky" here and I feel that as an insult to my close family members.

Um yeah, charge for phone conversations. I don't understand why this is finicky or how a day rate or fixed bid changes this. For contrast, let's say you fix-bid a value-priced engagement and in the second week the client starts calling you and asking 45-minutes of questions every day or so. Did you calculate that into your price? Is that OK? Do you need to push back? You need to do some analysis and figure it out. You might need to reset the client's expectations. It's the same hourly. We'd have the exact same conversation about how the phone calls were not productive reset/adjust accordingly in the same way. I don't see how billing fundamentally changes this scenario.

>* It conditions your customers to take a fine-tooth-comb approach to project plans and invoices.

**Feelings**: Some fear manifesting from suspicion that this is fabrication.

Again, absolutely zero experience like this in my freelance work. Zero. I'm somewhere around 6 years of consulting experience with ~25 clients and thousands of hours billed. Never a single peep about invoices or hours. Dunno. Maybe it's because my invoices are not fine-grained? My invoices are usually a single line-item: I worked N hours this period at rate Y so your amount due is Z. Occasionally I split hours into 2 sub-projects for upstream tracking/billing purposes, but that's it.

>* Not to mention: it generates more invoices.

Nope. I mean yeah there's more than 1 so I guess maybe Thomas is saying "when I value-price an engagement, there's this one awesome huge invoice which gets paid up front and that's it" vs me where I send 2/month. OK sure. So what? Things that are smooth and consistent are good. I don't want the lumpy payment schedule and my clients typically don't want to pay like that either.

> * It forces you to negotiate with clients in the worst possible numeric domain: where small deltas to proposed rates disproportionately impact the final cost.

**Feelings**: Gah more frustration.

Forces? Nope, it doesn't. I don't negotiate my rate. I never have. No one has ever asked me to. Some prospects ghost as soon as I state it. So long! There's no negotiation. It's either A) they ghost after I tell them my rate B) they say explicitly it's too high and pass on the engagement or C) they pay it happily.

>* It obscures the final cost of projects in ways that make clients defensive, so that their immediate thought is "oh shit this is going to add up to lots of hours we better be careful".

**Feelings**: Some anger

How is this the fault of hourly billing? Look, the deep truth is projects, all projects, have obscure surprises in them to schedule, difficulty, cost, etc. Software is not unique here. I used to think software projects were just terrible at estimates but I have more anecdata now for all kinds of projects from construction to vacation planning to travel to careers to civic infrastructure. If you're attitude is "oh shit this is going to add up to lots of hours we better be careful", you know what? You're right! It fucking is. Every time. Your project is statistically probably a bad idea and you should probably do as little of it as you possibly can. If at some point you know it's got legs then full steam ahead and let the money train roll in as your business booms.

What the actual fuck has this got to do with hourly billing?

(Above question is a venting of frustration at the misdirection of the entire topic claiming it's about hourly billing vs value pricing when it's not that at all)

>* For that matter, it inclines your projects towards the small and away from anything ambitious.

**Feelings**: Still more exasperation

I have at least 3 multi-year engagements on the books. This is just not true in my experience. I have the projects to counterprove it.

>* It impedes your own flexibility, so that you tend to miss opportunities to interleave projects or for that matter take an occasional long lunch.

**Feelings**: This rings as such the opposite of truth that I have all kinds of feelings. Are we even both living in the same world? How can there be this level of misunderstanding? Is Thomas actually arguing something like "daily billing or fixed-price billing gives you more flexibility"?

This makes zero sense to me. I bill hourly precisely so I CAN take a frequent long lunch, and a nap, and maybe a trip to the climbing gym. If I charged daily, I would absolutely NOT feel OK doing that. If I charged a fixed bid with some kind of target delivery date, I would absolutely NOT feel OK doing that.

How do you interleave projects that are billed daily? That's not my experience at all. When I did a daily engagement, the client wanted all the days so it was exclusive. It's only my hourly engagements where I interleave projects successfully.

>* It forces you to account for every waking hour of your day in a way that daily rates don't, when we all know that only a small subset of your work hours are truly productive.

I don't account for every waking hour. I account for the hours I work. I know how to stop working and do other things. I don't think about work when I'm rock climbing. I don't think about work during rehearsals with my band. A large subset of my work hours are truly productive and I **LOVE** that. I love that I can kick ass on something for 3 hours and then get a bit unclear or blocked and just clock out, call it a win, and clock in again the next day when maybe things are clearer or some slack responses have arrived that unblock me.

I have tried daily rates and here's why I can't do more than 3 months of them: they are exhausting. I hate working full days back to back to back. I hate the lack of granularity where I can't be tired one afternoon and just throw in the towel. I see full-timers spending at least 3 hours a day in the office shooting the shit and goofing off and it crushes my soul. I vastly prefer charging the client for 5 actually productive hours and then completely switching to non-work things the rest of the day.

Yes, daily billing does result in me earning more money. The client basically gets a discount so they pay a rate that is closer to 7x my hourly rate (not 8x) but I bill them every day a full day. So ultimately I end up earning more (but not different-category more) but I know the extra money is mostly waste and I don't like that. The only reason I feel OK charging it is if the client wants effectively exclusive access to me so I'm like "yeah if you're not going to let me bill hours here and there for other clients, you pay for that lost opportunity cost", but all things being equal I'd rather bill hourly.

>* It makes it harder for you to reasonable toss freebie work to your best clients without damaging the expected value of your time; for instance, I can cab over to a client in Chicago and spend 2 hours looking at a design with them for free without creating the appearance that my bill rate is arbitrary.

I don't think I can write a coherent response to this. There is such a deep norm in so many industries that if a professional travels to your office and works on something with you they charge you for it that this whole concept of being able to do this "for free" is somehow desirable doesn't even make sense. I feel like maybe I'm not even parsing this grammar correctly. Why do I want to "toss freebie work to my best clients"? Even assuming I did, why is it hard for me to just not bill them?

## Hourly Billing Is Nuts

I'm going to try to read through the long-form sales page and respond. Not sure I'll make it all the way down before rage quitting. (I'm deliberately not linking to it, probably for emotionally immature reasons)

> The idea of taking a vacation is laughable.

Nope, I work less than anyone I know.

> Imagine being able to take a month off without a care.

Do it every June, thanks!

> If you’re like most people I work with, you bill your clients by the hour for your time.

Yup! And most personal trainers, sports coaches, private tutors, attorneys (ambulance chasers being an exception), and dozens of other services across many industries.

> THERE IS A BETTER WAY TO PRICE YOUR SERVICES

For fucks sake thank you for FINALLY saying something that is non-hostile to me! How long are you going to tell me I'm insane before getting to "here's another neat way to bill".

> Stop letting clients tell you how to do your job.

I don't. Clients have zero clue how to write software or run software projects. They tell me what the project's goals and priorities are then we work together to plan the project. I have a lot of experience doing this and it's not hard or in any way complex for me. I know where the healthy boundaries for client involvement are.

> You need to sell your head, not your hands. Your expertise, not your labor. Outcomes, not activities. Benefits, not deliverables.

First 2 parts are just nonsense. Every software consultant and designer is selling their head not their hands, expertise not labor.

Now the outcomes vs activities bit and benefits vs deliverables sounds great! Tell me more about that.

> begin the transition away from a commodity position to premium pricing

I don't think what Jonathan is espousing is a billing thing at all. It's a completely different service that happens to be priced/billed differently.

> the benefits will be life-changing.

Yup, because you will have changed careers! Hope you didn't have any special attachment to software development.

> If you opt for the Complete Bundle, you’ll also instantly receive: Learn Your Lines

This one actually looks good!

## What is Jonathan Stark's Actual Service

So my main thought here is the whole value-price vs hourly billing is a smoke screen to obscure the real message which is: change your career from a software consultant (that's what Jonathan calls himself and also what I call myself) to a business consultant.

Here's what I think Jonathan actually does on a value-priced engagement. He looks at a business, does some initial analysis of revenue and the basic financials. Then he proposes some activities around copy writing, marketing, sales, product changes, and A/B testing methodologies, probably with a focus on mobile app changes since that's his technical expertise. He works with the client to try to estimate the potential long-term value that could be generated by those changes, which is where the price ballpark gets determined. Then he helps the client implement those. In theory everyting works out, the business grows, Jonathan gets paid, the client is satisfied, the customers are satisfied, referalls ensue, yadda yadda.

No problem with that. Sounds great. Sounds awesome! It's just a completely different expertise and skillset from what I do. My superpower is sweating technical details. I work at the microscopic level. These macro issues of business analysis, marketing, sales, copy writing, UI design, graphic design, psychology, human behavior etc - I'm terrible at all those things. I would hate doing them. You couldn't pay me enough to do them. I never would. It's not for me. I'll dabble as needed to try to cross-pollinate out of my discipline and be well-rounded but absolutely leave those jobs to the dedicated experts who do them.

And furthermore I think the cut-and-dry return on investment analysis central to a value-priced engagement would be really hard to do on many occasions because reality is complicated and in some sense I feel like hourly billing is just an admission that there's no practical way to prove "things were like A then we did B and B caused things to become like C which is better than A so that experience was worth D here's your check", so it's just a pragmatic shrug admitting given that complexity, pay me to spend my finite time on your project instead of something else I could be doing.
